Change CSET introduction on documentation welcome page (#899)
MetOffice/CSET: docs/source/index.rst

   changelog
   GitHub <https://github.com/MetOffice/CSET>

CSET (Convective- and turbulence-scale Evaluation and verification Toolkit) is
an open-source toolkit for evaluation, verification and investigation of
convective- and turbulence-scale numerical models for weather and climate
applications, cutting across time and space scales with a focus on regional
domains.

CSET provides a centralised and peer-reviewed source of tools to aid
process-oriented evaluation for UM and LFRic models, supporting both
deterministic and ensemble configurations. It will support evaluation of machine
learning models and utilise observations from a range of sources to aid in the
evaluation process.

It will utilise the Model Evaluation Tools (MET) software to provide a range of
verification metrics aligned with operational verification best practices.

For model and diagnostics developers CSET offers well documented and peer
reviewed evaluation tools with a well defined release cycle and flexible
evaluation code that can adapt to users needs. CSET is built with portability in
mind and can be run on a range of platforms from local desktops to HPC systems

> and AWS servers. It ensures traceable and reproduceable results during the model

Reviewer: ```suggestion
and cloud servers. It ensures traceable and reproducible results during the model
```
Make it a bit more general.

assessment cycle and offers a legacy for diagnostics and access to observations.

It aligns parametrisation development, diagnostic development and evaluation
research, feeding back into Regional Atmosphere and Land (RAL) model development

> across the Met Office and Momentum partnership.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
across the Met Office and Momentum® Partnership.
```
